# Website for DizzyHavoc. 


How to setup deno fresh env:

Start with: `git clone https://github.com/bradbrown-llc/dizzyhavoc-web.git`

Then get familiar with [Fresh](https://fresh.deno.dev/docs/getting-started/create-a-project)

- dev.ts: This is the development entry point for your project. This is the file that you run to start your project. This file doesn’t need to be called dev.ts, but this is the convention.

- main.ts: This is the production entry point for your project. It is the file that you link to Deno Deploy. This file doesn’t actually need to be main.ts, but this is the convention.

- fresh.gen.ts: This is the manifest file that contains information about your routes and islands. This file is automatically generated in development based on your routes/ and islands/ folders.

A deno.json file is also created in the project directory. This file does two things:

It defines the “imports” field. This is an import map that is used to manage dependencies for the project. This allows for easy importing and updating of dependencies.
It registers a “start” task to run the project without having to type a long deno run command.
Two important folders are also created that contain your routes and islands respectively:

- routes/: This folder contains all of the routes in your project. The names of each file in this folder correspond to the path where that page will be accessed. Code inside of this folder is never directly shipped to the client. You’ll learn more about how routes work in the next section.

- islands/: This folder contains all of the interactive islands in your project. The name of each file corresponds to the name of the island defined in that file. Code inside of this folder can be run from both client and server. You’ll learn more about islands later in this chapter.

The next step after scaffolding out a new project, is to actually start it. To do this you can just deno task start. Environment variables will be automatically read from .env.
```
Terminal
$ deno task start
Watcher Process started.
 🍋 Fresh ready
     Local: http://localhost:8000
```

If you now visit http://localhost:8000, you can see the running project. Try change some of the text in routes/index.tsx and see how the page updates automatically when you save the file.